precede	The error is caused by (or at least detected at) the token preceding the arrow.	To precede is to come before. A short speech will precede the dinner. As you walk down the garden path, the bed of roses precedes the holly bush. When marching into the room, the younger kids precede the older ones.<br>Precede is one of many verbs ending in "-ceed" or "-cede" that trace their roots back to the Latin word cedere which means "to go". For precede, know that it's pre "first" + cedere "go." When you precede, you go first. You might precede your best friend in line, lunch might precede math class, a joke might precede a lecture, and radio preceded television. Anything that goes first or comes before precedes.
fatal	Errors detected during execution are called exceptions and are not unconditionally fatal.	The adjective fatal describes something that is capable of causing death. Certain cleaning products, for instance, are labeled, "Could be fatal if swallowed." Here's a helpful suggestion: don't swallow them.
thereof	A class in an except clause is compatible with an exception if it is the same class or a base class thereof.	= of the thing mentioned
wildcard	The last except clause may omit the exception name(s), to serve as a wildcard.	In software, a wildcard character is a kind of placeholder represented by single character, such as an asterisk, which can be interpreted as a number of literal characters or an empty string.<br>通配符
sole	The sole argument to ``raise`` indicates the exception to be raised.	Sole means not shared with others. If it's your sole responsibility to make the chocolate cake for a party, it's all on you.
undertake	Some objects define standard clean-up actions to be undertaken when the object is no longer needed, regardless of whether or not the operation using the object succeeded or failed.	When you undertake a task or challenge, you attempt to accomplish it. If you want to undertake a verbal challenge right now, try saying "sushi chef" ten times quickly without messing up.
promptly	The ``with`` statement allows objects like files to be used in a way that ensures they are always cleaned up promptly and correctly.	To do something promptly is to do it right away or in a timely fashion, avoiding any delays.
