encounter	So far we've encountered two ways of writing values: expression statements and the print() function.	If you run into that cute guy (or girl) from the local deli when you're at the grocery store and you stop to chat, you've just had an encounter, which is a casual meeting, often resulting by chance.<br>When you encounter the word encounter, context will tell you it's acting as a verb or noun. The sentence "When Spencer and Susanna encounter a bear on the trail, they stand very still" illustrates the verb form. "The encounter in the subway left her wishing she had stayed at home" shows the noun form. Whether acting as a verb or noun, the word carries the connotation of "chance meeting." You don't plan a encounter, it just happens.
placeholder	The string module contains a Template class that offers yet another way to substitute values into strings, using placeholders like $x and replacing them with values from a dictionary, but offers much less control of the formatting.	a symbol in a logical or mathematical expression that can be replaced by the name of any member of specified set 占位符
justify	The str.rjust() method of string objects right-justifies a string in a field of a given width by padding it with spaces on the left.	To justify is to make excuses for one's actions, like the dieter who has to justify the few tiny pieces of chocolate she's sneaked in between salads.<br>Anyone who has ever made excuses for his or her actions knows the meaning of justify.<br>To justify a line of text is to space it so that it lines up with the margin.
opaque	``f.tell()`` returns an integer giving the file object's current position in the file represented as number of bytes from the beginning of the file when in binary mode and an opaque number when in text mode.	Use the adjective opaque either for something that doesn't allow light to pass through (like a heavy curtain) or for something difficult to understand (like bureaucratic gobbledygook).<br>Opaque is defined, in English, as "not able to be seen through; not transparent". In Computer science, this means a value which reveals no details other than the type of the value itself.<br>In computer science, an opaque data type is a data type whose concrete data structure is not defined in an interface.  ------From Wikipedia
truncate	File objects have some additional methods, such as ``isatty()`` and ``truncate()``, which are less frequently used.	The verb truncate means to cut off or shorten. You can truncate a board that is too long using a power saw, a chain saw, or perhaps even a karate kick.
interchange	Rather than having users to constantly writing and debugging code to save complicated data types to files, Python allows you to use the popular data interchange format called JSON (JavaScript Object Notation).	To interchange two things is to trade or switch them. If the painting hanging on your wall just doesn't fit the room, you can interchange it with the photograph on the opposite wall.<br>When interchange is a noun, it has various meanings including "highway intersection," or the place hwere these busy roads meet each other.
interoperability	Many programmers are already familiar with it, which makes it a good choice for interoperability.	It's usually used in computer science, describing the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area network).
hierarchy	The standard module called json can take Python data hierarchies, and convert them to string representations; this process is called serializing.	Hierarchy describes a system that organizes or ranks things, often according to power or importance. At school the principal is at the top of the staff hierarchy, while the seniors rule the student hierarchy.<br>Also known as a pecking order or power structure, a hierarchy is a formalized or simply implied understanding of who's on top or what's most important.
