Whetting	Whetting your appetite	To whet is to sharpen. You could whet a knife's blade with a whetting stone, or you could whet your appetite by having some Doritos.
compactly	Python enables programs to be written compactly and readably.	Primary Meanings of compact is closely and firmly united or packed together.<br>A compact is a signed written agreement that binds you to do what you've promised. It also refers to something small or closely grouped together like the row of compact rental cars you see when you wanted a van.
mundane	This is rather mundane information, but essential for trying out the examples shown later.	An ordinary, unexciting thing can be called mundane:"Superman hid his heroic feats by posing as his mundane alter ego, Clark Kent."
guru	Since the choice of the directory where the interpreter lives is an installation option, other places are possible; check with your local Python guru or system administrator.	A guru is a spiritual teacher and leader, particularly in the Hindu and Buddhist traditions. It has been said that your guru will find you when you are ready for your study -- journey -- to begin.<br>There is also another kind of guru -- an expert leader in any field. You can be a guru of accounting or even of pizza-making if you are very good at it and can guide others to greater understanding.
substitution	The interpreter's line-editing features include interactive editing, history substitution and code completion on systems that supports readline.	The noun substitution refers to the act of replacing one thing with another. Your football coach might make a substitution by sending you onto the filed to take over for a player who is tiered or injured.
analogous	A second way of starting the interpreter is ``python -c command [arg] ...``, which executes the statement(s) in command, analogous to the shell's -c option.	Use the adjective analogous to describe something that is similar to something else and can be compared to another.
thereafter	When known to the interpreter, the script name and additional arguments thereafter are turned into a list of strings and assigned to the ``argv`` variable in the ``sys`` module.	"thereafter" means from that time on.
fractional	To do ``floor division`` and get an integer result (discarding any fractional result) you can use the ``//`` operator.	Fractional result means 小数部分
concatenate	Strings can be concatenated with the + operator, and repeated with \.	Did you just link together several memories of your brother to form one longer story for his wedding toast? If so, you concatenated without knowing it! That's because concatenate means to link things together to form a series or chain.
immutable	Python strings cannot be changed --- they are immutable.	If you can't change it, it's immutable. There are many things in life that are immutable; these unchangeable things include death, taxes, and the laws of physics.
versatile	The most versatile is the list, which can be written as a list of comma-separated values (items) between square brackets.	To describe a person or thing that can adapt to do many things or serve many functions, consider the adjective versatile.
twist	Besides the ``while`` statement just introduced, Python knows the usual control flow statements know from other languages, with some twists.	When you twist something, you turn it in a different direction. You might twist off a bottle cap, or you might even twist the plot of a story you are writing.
excessive	The keyword 'elif' is short of 'else if', and is useful to avoid excessive indentation.	Excessive means beyond what is typical or normal. When something is excessive, there's way too much.
halt	Rather than always giving the user the ability to define both iteration step and halting condition (as C), Python's for statement iterates over the items of any sequence (a list or string).	Whether it's used as a noun or a verb, the word halt means stop. You can remember this by remembering that when you step on the brake to halt your car (verb), it comes to a halt (noun).
pun	For example (no pun intended):	A pun is a play on words. If a bird flying overhead takes a poop on the cake you're carrying, you could say "Isn't that just the icing on the cake!" But only if you  want to be punny.<br>When someone says no pun intended, however, it is when they something that could be taken to have two meanings; an obvious one, and a slightly "off" interpretation; and they want you to know they are not making an intentional play on words and want you to take what they said to be the obvious meaning.
successive	The object returned by ``range()`` returns the successive items of the desired sequence when you iterate over it, but it doesn't really make the list, thus saving space.	Successive is a word for things (or people) that follow each other in time. If three presidents in a row were over sixty, you could say, "Three successive presidents were over sixty."
clause	Loop statements may have a else clause.	A clause is a group of words with a subject and verb. That kind of clause is handy when taking about grammar. Another kind of clause is a provision or stipulation in a legal contract.
exemplify	This is exemplified by the following loop, which searches for prime numbers.	If you exemplify something, you're the prefect example of it. Say you wear frilly shirts, knee-high boots, and black eye-make-up --- you exemplify the fashion world's obsession with pirates.
object	Coming from other language, you might object that ``fib`` is not a function but a procedure since it doesn't return a value.	When your younger brother runs around the house with scissors, you should definitely object. Perhaps a less sharp object such as a roll of paper towels would suffice.
albeit	In fact, even functions without a return statement do return a value, albeit a rather boring one.	You use albeit to introduce a fact a comment which reduces the force or significance of what you have just said.<br>= although
suppressed	Writing the value None is normally suppressed by the interpreter if it would be the only value written.	To suppress something means to curb, inhibit, or even stop it. If the sound of your boss moving in his chair sounds like gas, you're going to have to learn how to suppress your giggles.<br>If something is suppressed, it has been kept secret or forcibly restricted. You may hear rumors about a suppressed report on a politician's activities -- it's kept secret, so you don't know the facts.
mutable	This makes a difference when the default is a mutable object such as a list, dictionary, or instance of most classes.	Something or someone that is mutable is subject to change. Mutable weather can go from sunny, to rainy and windy, and back to sunny again.
arbitrary	Finally, the least frequently used option is to specify that a function can be called with an arbitrary number of arguments.	Something that's arbitrary seems like it's chosen at random instead of following a consistent rule. Team members would dislike their coach using a totally arbitrayry method to pick starting players.
anonymous	Small anonymous functions can be created with lambda keyword.	If you don't know who wrote a poem, the author is anonymous. If you don't know who donated a gift to a museum, it's called an anonymous gift from an anonymous donor. Anonymous means a person unknown.
convention	Here are some conventions about the content and formatting of documentation strings.	A convention is a meeting, usually of a particular group. Political parties, teachers, plumbers, gardeners, toymakers and computer designers all hold conventions.<br>A convention can also be used to describe the normal or accepted way of doting things. It's the convention, for example, for your employer to five you a three-day weekend around the Fourth of July, even if it falls on a weekend.
concise	The first line should always be a short, concise summary of the object's purpose.	If something is concise, it's short and gets right to the point. A concise edition of your diary might be 50 pages of the most important entries.
strip	The Python parser does not strip indentation from multi-line string literals in Python.	The verb strip has many shades of meaning, but most of them involve removing something. Someone may strip you of your power or you may strip off your clothes. Whatever it is that you strip, it's gone.
annotation	Function annotations are completely optional metadata information about the types used by user-defined functions.	Annotations are simply notes or comments. If you have trouble understanding Shakespeare, you may want to buy a cope of "Hamlet" with annotations on each page that explain all the vocabulary words and major themes.
tremendously	Making it easy for others to read your code is always a good idea, and adopting a nice coding style helps tremendously for that.	tremendously = extremely<br>Tremendous means extraordinarily large in size, extent, amount, power, or degree. It can also mean really marvelous and fantastic -- or really awful and terrible.
emerge	For Python, PEP 8 has emerged as the style guide.	To emerge means to come out into view or come forth. You might hope to emerge from an epic perming session looking like a beauty queen, but chances are it will just look like you got electrocuted.
adhere	Most projects adhere to PEP 8 as the style guide.	If you don't want monkey droppings to adhere to the sole of your shoe, watch where you're walking. Maybe if you'd adhere, or stick to, the zoo rules and stay on the walking path, you wouldn't have to worry about it.
hereafter	Referencing the name ``a`` hereafter is an error (at least until another value is assigned to it).	``del a`` is before this statement.<br>You can use the adverb hereafter to talk about what happens next, after this moment. For example, you might say, "I will hereafter get my homework done in time."
heterogeneous	Tuples are immutable, and usually contain a heterogeneous sequence of elements that are accessed via unpacking or indexing (or even by attribute in the case of namedtuples).	Heterogeneous can be used to describe the diversity of nearly anything -- populations, classrooms, collections. A heteroneneous array of immigrants passed through Ellis Island to help create the American "melting pot."<br>An easy way to remember the meaning of this word is that homo is the same and hetero is different. So a homogeneous group of puppies might consist of apricot-colored poodles, while a heterogeneous group might consist of a hodgepodge of different pups ranging from dachshunds to dalmatians. Anytime you are confronted with a group whose members are not all similar to one another, you have an opportunity to trot out heterogeneous.
homogeneous	Lists are mutable, and their elements usually homogeneous and are accessed by iterating over the list.	If a group of things are homogeneous, they're all the same or similar, like a room full of identically dressed Elvis impersonators.<br>The adjective homogeneous comes from the Greek homogenes, meaning "of the same kind." You can break down the root of the word further into two parts: homos, meaning "same," and geneous, meaning "kind, gender, race, stock."
accommodate	A special problem is the construction of tuples containing 0 or 1 items: the syntax has some extra quirks to accommodate these.	If you accommodate, you are making an adjustment to suit a particular purpose. If you accommodate your brother's demand for the attic room, then you give in and let him take over that space.<br>A quirk is a unique, odd, and sometimes charming trait that makes a person stand out from the crowd. Country comedian Minnie Pearl was know for her quirk of wearing a $1.98 price tag dangling from her hat.
