forth	Among the most fundamental of these common feature are built-in types such as integers, characters, and forth.	Forth means "from now on." If you declare that from today forth, you'll pursue your dream of becoming a rodeo clown, it means you'll work everyday to make it happen.<br>The adverb forth describes pushing forward, either literally or in time. When something goes forth, it moves into view or forward. In spring, flowers shoot forth from the ground. You have probably heard the expression and so forth, which like and so on means whatever else.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
anticipate	Using these facilities, programmers can shape the language to their own purposes without the language designers having to anticipate the programmer's need.	To anticipate something is to be expecting it. Your dog might be waiting by the door, anticipating his next walk or squirrel chase.<br>"Anticipating something" also often implies that you are preparing to take some action because of your expectations -- like when you anticipate your chess opponent's next move and plan a counterattack. The word anticipate also means "to come beforehand" -- as in a certain musical trend anticipating another.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
entail	As we'll see, defining our own types brings together all that we've learned before, because writing a class entails using the facilities covered in Part I.	To entil is to involve. A job at a movie theater might entil sweeping popcorn off the floor, probably because watching a movie entils eating popcorn int the dark. It's small price to pay.<br>The word entil, which comes from Latin, is connected to the idea of preconditions. If you want something, you better figure out what it entails. If it's only 8 o'clock and you want to see a movie at 9 o'clock, that will entail waiting for an hour. If you want to stay out of trouble, that will entail calling your parents and letting them know you're going to be late. That's what being responsible entails.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
evenly	The standard doesn't define how signed types are represented, but does specify that the range should be evenly divided between positive and negative values.	= in equal amounts or shares; in a balanced or impartial way.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
cater	The arithmetic types are defined to cater to the peculiarities of various kinds of hardware.	To cater means to supply food for meetings or celebrations. If you're having a big barbecue party but would rather hang out with your friends than grill, you could pay someone to cater it.<br>Cater has also come to mean "giving what is desired or needed." You might cater to your grandfather by bringing him tea, reading to him and laughing at his bad jokes.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
peculiarity	The arithmetic types are defined to cater to the peculiarities of various kinds of hardware.	Some characteristic or habit that's odd or distinctive is a peculiarity. Your brother's peculiarities might include always wearing a red knit hat, even in summer.<br>A peculiarity is a quirk or strange feature. You might be self conscious about the fact that your ears are uneven, something you think of as an obvious peculiarity. Another kind of peculiarity is a quality that is specific to someone or something:"One peculiarity of people from the Midwest is that they call soda pop." This "special characteristics" meaning is the original one, which makes sense given the Latin root, peculiaris, "of one's own."	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
bewildering	Accordingly, the number of arithmetic types in C++ can be bewildering.	To bewilder is to amaze, baffle, dumbfound, flummox, perplex, or stupefy. When you blwilder people, you confuse them.<br>Bewilder is a fun-sounding word for confusion-causing. A complicated math problem will bewlider many students. A magician's tricks should bewilder the audience. Mystery stories should be a little bewildering, at least until the end. Sometimes, being bewildered has a more emotional element. If someone you know died in a freak accident, that would bewilder you in a very sad way.<br>Belildering means making you fell confused because there are too many things to choose from or because something is difficult to understand.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
thumb	A few rules of thumb can be useful in deciding which type to use.	= 大拇指<br>A rule of thumb means a rough figure or method of doing or measuring something, usually based on past experience rather than on exact measurement.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
negligible	``float`` usually does not have enough precision, and the cost of double-precision calculations versus single-precision is negligible.	When something is meaningless or insignificant because it is so little, it's negligible. The amount of interest you'll get on your savings is negligible, so you might as well spend your money.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
mildly	Tracking down these sorts of problems in previously working programs is, mildly put, unpleasant.	It means in a gentle manner or slightly;<br>"to put it mildly" used to show that what you are talking about is more extreme, etc. than your words suggest	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
exponent	Floating-point literals include either a decimal point or an exponent specified using scientific notation.	An exponent is a person who is a big promoter of something. Are you an exponent of the four-day school and work week?<br>You may already know the mathematical meaning of exponent: a numeric notation showing how many times a number is multiplied by itself.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
adjacent	Two string literals that appear adjacent to one another and that are separated only by spaces, tabs, or newlines are concatenated into a single literal.	Adjacet means close to or near something. You may consider the people up and down your street to be neighbors, but your next-door neighbor is the person who lives in the house or apartment adjacent to yours.<br>Adjacent can refer to two things that touch each other or have the same wall or border. And the adjective is often followed by the preposition to: Her office is adjacent to mine.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
cavalier	C++ programmers tend to be cavalier in their use of the term object.	Someone who is cavalier has a dismissive attitude and regards other people as inferior. If you think you know more than your teacher and never bother doing homework, your parents might complain that you are cavalier about your studies. 骑士<br>If you have a cavalier attitude, you look down on other people -- as if you are sitting on a very tall horse and other people are sitting down there on the ground.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
trivial	As presented here, the distinction might seem trivial.	Something that is trivial is not important or significant, such as the trivial details you shared with me about your trip to the post office this morning.<br>Trivial can also describe something that isn't deep or meaningful, like a trivial movie that you'll forget about after the credits roll.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
concrete	As a concrete example, consider std::cout and std::cin.	Concrete is that pourable mix of cement, water, sand and gravel that hardens into a super-strong building material.<br>When used as an adjective, concrete also means solid. If you've got concrete plans for Saturday, then you have a definite plan.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
erroneous	Other times, the program completes but produces erroneous results.	The adjective erroneous describes something or someone as mistaken and incorrect.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
constrain	As we've seen, the type of an object constrains the operations that the object can perform.	To constrain is to hold back, restrain, or confine. If you've ever had to constrain a toddler in the middle of a temper tantrum, you know you have to watch out for flailing limbs.<br>Constrain can imply both literal and figurative bindings. You can constrain someone by physically holding on to something like a person's shirt. Or, you can figuratively constrain someone by putting up obstacles. Your teenagers, for example, may feel constrained by your rules and accuse you of sucking the fun out of their social lives.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
bedevil	Debugging problems due to pointer errors bedevil even experienced programmers.	To bedevil is to "be" a bit like a "devil." To bedevil means to cause trouble, or, when talking about a person, to torment or harass.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
retrieve	Chapter 4 will show how we can retrieve the address stored in a void pointer.	When you retrieve something, you bring it back. Lots of dogs love to retrieve tennis balls, bringing them back to you over and over again.<br>You might retrieve your cell phone from the car, or the toys a baby throws repeatedly on the floor. You can also retrieve a memory from the recesses of your mind, or struggle to remember someone's name and then suddenly retrieve it.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
alter	Whether a reference refers to a const or nonconst type affects what we can do with that reference, not whether we can alter the binding of the reference itself.	After eating too many gingerbread cookies, she no longer fit into her uniform, so she had a seamstress alter it. It looked pretty much the same.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
immaterial	As a result, it is immaterial whether the object copied from or copied into is const.	Things are immaterial have no physical form (like ghost) or are unimportant (like most ghost stories).	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
prone	That is, they have forms that are tedious and error-prone to write.	= capable of making an error<br>If you're prone to doing something, it means you're likely to do it, have a habit of doing it, or are susceptible to it. People who are prone to getting the flu every winter should probably get a flu shot in the fall.<br>The second meaning of prone is "lying face down," and the Latin root is pronare, "to bend forward." This is a handy way to remember both meaning: if you tend to wait to start your term paper until the night before it's due, you are prone to procrastination -- you bend toward it. If you stay up so late you fall asleep face down in the book, you are now prone at you desk.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
tempting	It can be tempting, albeit incorrect, to interpret a declaration that uses a type alias by conceptually replacing the alias with its corresponding type.	Anything that's tempting makes you excited or interested, like a tempting chocolate doughnut or tempting offer to go to the movies instead of doing your chores.<br>An invitation or offer that intrigues you is tempting -- even it might ultimately be a bad idea. It's temping to skip school and spend the afternoon at the beach, but it's wiser to avoid the temptation. People commonly describe food they feel bad for them is tempting. This sense of something that's both harmful and attractive comes from the original meaning of tempt, "entice to evil or sin."	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
implication	By implication, a variable that uses auto as its type specifier must have an initializer.	An implication is something that suggested, or happens, indirectly. When you left the gate open and the dog escaped, you were guilty by implication.<br>Implication has many different sense: Usually used in the plural, implications are effects or consequences that may happen in the future. You might ask,"What are the implications of our decision?" Implication is also the state of being implicated, or connected to something bad: "Are you surprised by their implication that you were involved in the crime?"	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
clash	To avoid name clashes with other entities in our program, preprocessor variables usually are written in all uppercase.	When two things clash, they run violently into each other, often with an accompanying loud noise. The percussionist in an orchestra has the enviable job of making two cymbals clash together.<br>Kids clash when they run into each other on the playground, but they can also clash through a strong disagreement:"My cousins always clash when it comes to deciding what movie to watch after dinner." Also, your shirt might clash your pants, if the colors or prints simply don't go together. Clash is imitative -- it sounds like its original meaning, "make a loud, sharp sound," and may be related to the words clap and crash.	Chapter 2 Variables and basic types
