companion	Associated with string and vector are companion types known as iterators, which are used to access the characters in a string or the elements in a vector.	A companion is one who serves as a friend or partner in something. Whether it's travel or dinner or card-playing, your companion is the one who does it with you.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
cumbersome	Referring to library names with this notation can be cumbersome.	You have to wrestle a bit with the longish word cumbersome; it's cumbersome, or kind of long and clumsy, to tumble out in a sentence. It's hard to use it gracefully.<br><br>A "cumber" is something that slows you down, and though the words aren't related, "lumber" includes big pieces of heavy wood, which might slow down the person carrying them. Moving lumber is cumbersome, because it's a heavy and awkward job. Getting your laundry down the stairs or putting a Rottweiler in the bathtub can be cumbersome too.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
qualify	A using declaration lets us use a name from a namespace without qualifying the name with a namespace_name::prefix.	Make sure you know the context when using the word qualify. In one sense, it means to be right for, to measure up. In another sense, though, qualify means to change something slightly, to limit it or add a condition to it.<br><br>If you want to qualify for your driver's license, remember not to drive through that final stop sign without stopping. I guarantee you that if you don't stop you will not qualify. You don't get your Eagle Badge. You have to qualify for it---there's a lot to do before you get it. The word might be used in it's other sense like this: if you plan to get married, keep your vows simple: say "I do." Don't qualify them by saying something like "I do...except sometimes, when I don't." If you have to qualify your wedding vows, don't get married.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
imposes	In addition to specifying the operations that the library types provide, the standard also imposes efficiency requirements on implementors.	To impose means to force or inflict something on someone else. If you want to impose you musical taste on your parents, play your tunes all day at top volume.<br><br>The verb imposes emerged in the 1580s, meaning "to lay on as a burden," which is very similar to the modern meaning. Governments often impose taxes, legal restrictions, and other burdensome things on citizens, for example. But you should remember what Confucius once wisely said:"Do not impose on others what you yourself do not desire."	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
compensating	Although the code used to initialize s8 is legal, it is less readable and offers no compensating advantage over the way we initialized s7.	Compensate is about correcting for an imbalance. If you step in an unmarked pothole, the city may compensate you by paying your doctor bills treating a broken ankle.<br><br>Compensate can also mean "to adjust for." So, if you did stumble into the pothole and injure your left leg, then you might compensate by leaning heavily on your right leg. Increasingly, compensate is used in place of pay. Day laborers are paid for their time, but executives are more likely to be compensated with a suite that includes salary and other benefits -- what is commonly referred to as a compensation package.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
overleaf	Table 3.2 (overleaf) lists the most common string operations.	= on or to the other side of a page.<br><br>下页	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
fall out of	Once we hit end-of-file (or invalid input), we fall out of the while.	跳出循环	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
inverse	The logical NOT operator (the !operator) returns the inverse of the bool value of its operand.	If you notice that the more money you have, the less money your brother has, you've discovered an inverse relationship: when your bank account increase, his decreases.<br><br>It's a good word to use when you need to describe one of those topsy-turvy relationships in which when one thing goes up, the other goes down. It can also be used in a broader sense to mean "opposite." You've probably heard someone begin a sentence by saying,"And the inverse was true for so and so..." That just means the opposite was true.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
Admittedly	Admittedly, it can be tedious to type string::size_type.	= as acknowledged.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
incorporate	In addition to facilities defined specifically for C++, the C++ library incorporates the C library.	To incorporate is to include or integrate a part into the whole. Incorporate is a more active version of the word "include"; if you incorporate, you are adding something to the mix.<br><br>In the business world, to incorporate is a legal process. In other usages, the word incorporate really just means to include something or work something into whatever was already existing. You could incorporate your new roommate's furniture into the decor of your apartment, but you may not find a way to incorporate her cat's litter box.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
underlying	Declaration defines the variable that we'll use to access the underlying elements in the sequence.	The obvious meaning of underlying refers to something beneath something else. But the word carries a more subtle meaning, that of something hidden but important, something that shapes the meaning or effect of something else, without being explicit itself.<br><br>Consider the adjective underlying as referring to a "subtext," which is something hidden. An example is a sarcasm, when a person says one thing but means the opposite. In theater, an actor develops subtext for his or her character to establish an underlying reason for what character says and does. Life is full of underlying reasons we do things. Worry over a grandparent's illness might be the underlying reason a child fails a test.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
denote	The subscript operator (the [] operator) takes a string::size_type value that denotes the position of the character we want to access.	To denote is to draw attention to something or to show what it means. All of the googly-eyed looks that a girl gives to a boy might do more to denote her feelings for him than leaving a note in his locker.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
instantiation	The process that the compiler uses to create classes or functions from templates is called instantiation.	= a representation of an idea in the form of an instance of it.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
feasible	Directly initializing the element of a vector if feasible only if we have a small number of known initial values.	If something is feasible then you can do it without too much difficulty. When someone asks "Is it feasible?" the person is asking if you'll be able to get something done.<br><br>Feasible things are possible. If you have enough time, money, or energy to do something, it's feasible. Something might be feasible at one time and then not feasible at another time. Because of technological advances and competition with the Russians, going to the moon was feasible for the United States in the sixties. Often, people disagree about what's feasible, especially in politics, where how feasible a project is counts for a lot.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
unwieldy	What if we wanted elements from 0 to 999? List initialization would be too unwieldy.	If you see an unwieldy person coming down the aisle of the bus with an unwieldy box, you may want to step aside because that's a double dose of clumsy. It's an awkward person carrying a box that is difficult to manage.<br><br>Something is wieldy is easy to control or handle, so something is unwieldy is not. However, the un- form of the word is much more common. The base word wieldy has its roots in Old English, meaning "to handle or control" -- used usually in reference to a weapon. You would not want an unwieldy person attempting to wield an unwieldy sword.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
capability	``vector`` offers capabilities to allow us to further enhance run-time performance when we add elements.	A capability is something a person or a thing is able to do. It's hard to find a cell phone that doesn't include other cappabilities, like taking pictures or storing MP3s.<br><br>Inside the word capability is the word ability. Note the distinction between them. If you have an ability, it means you know how to do something. If you have a capability, it means you have the power to do something. Buying uranium gives a country the capability of making nuclear weapons, but first they need scientists with the ability to do the work.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
accustomed	In particular, if you are accustomed to using C or Java, you might expect that it would be best to define the vector at its expected size.	If you're accustomed to something, you're used to it. Being accustomed has to do with habits and lifestyle.<br><br>Anything you're accustomed to is a regular thing for you. A rich person is probably accustomed to fancy clothes, expensive food, and beautiful houses. We can also say an accustomed thing is a usual customary thing. When you think of the word accustomed, think "nothing new here."	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
obligation	However, this simplicity imposes a new obligation on our programs: We must ensure that any loops we write are correct even if the loop changes the size of the vector.	An obligation is a duty. It's your obligation or responsibility to call your mom on Mother's Day. Sending flowers would be even better.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
corresponding	The empty and size members behave as do the corresponding string members.	Use the adjective corresponding to describe things that are similar or related. Your friends may all have corresponding viewpoints to yours, or you may have friends you like in spite of having different opinions.<br><br>Aside from its meaning of "having similar function and purpose," the adjective can also mean "related" or "accompanying." Type the corresponding keys on the keyboard to create a key shortcut. If you create a how-to-guide, you may want to include corresponding photos so readers can see illustrations as they follow the step-by-step instructions.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
cluster	We'd like to count how many grades fall into various clusters of 10.	A cluster is a small group of people or things. When you and your friends huddle awkwardly around the snack table at a party, whispering and trying to muster enough nerve to hit the dance floor, you've formed a cluster.<br><br>Nowadays, you can use cluster as either a noun or a verb. When we were kids, we would stand in cluster (noun) on the street corner, eagerly awaiting the appearance of the Good Humor truck every afternoon. Then we would cluster (verb) eagerly around the driver, demanding ice cream. Virtually anything can form a cluster -- flowers, cells, starts, human beings, and even events.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
terse	The statement that does the increment is a good example of the kind of terse code characteristic of C++ programs.	Terse means brief, or using very few words. If your teacher tells you to make your writing in your essay style terse and to the point, he's saying use as few words as you can and be simple and clear.<br><br>A terse reply or command may seem rude or unfriendly -- but the word terse itself doesn't mean unfriendly or rude. Synonyms are succinct or concise, though these words have a more positive tone.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
crucially	It's crucially important to understand that we may use the subscript operator (the [] operator) to fetch only elements that actually exist.	= to a crucial degree.<br><br>The word crucial describes something that is important or essential to success, like the crucial dress rehearsals that ensure everything will run smoothly on your play's opening night.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
pernicious	Attempting to subscript elements that do not exist is, unfortunately, an extremely common and pernicious programming errors.	Pernicious means harmful and subtle, such as a posion gas that causes illness in those exposed to it over the course of years.<br><br>You might have heard your parents and teachers talk about the pernicious effects of watching too much TV and playing video games all day -- they'll turn your brain to mush(allegedly).	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
routinely	By routinely using iterators and !=, we don't have to worry about the precise type of container we're processing.	When you do something routinely, you do it often and regularly. Many people routinely brush their teeth before they go to bed and again when they wake up in the morning.<br><br>Something that's become a habit or an often repeated series of actions is done routinely. Your actual daily routine is one example of this -- you might routinely eat cereal for breakfast, or routinely feed your cat at 5:00, for example. You can also say that a movie critic who always seems to find some fault with a film routinely trashes all your favorite movies. The French root is routine, "usual course of action," from route, "way or path".	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
synonym	That is, it->mem is a synonym for (\it).mem.	A synonym is a word that means the same thing as another word. If you replace a word in a sentence with its synonym, the meaning of the sentence won't really change that much.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
invalidate	Another implication is that any operation, such as push_back, that changes the size of a vector potentially invalidates all iterators into that vector.	If administrators find out that students cheated on a test, the school might invalidate their class grades. To invalidate means to cancel something or make it void, as if it never happened.<br><br>In invalidate you see the word valid which means true or correct. When you invalidate something you are making it less true, less official, or less correct. If you buy something that doesn't work properly and then try to fix it yourself, you invalidate the warranty. If you have a wacky theory that cars grow from trees, your teacher might invalidate your theory by taking you on a tour of an auto factory.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
thorough	Nothing stops a program from stepping across an array boundary except careful attention to detail and thorough testing of the code.	Thorough describes something that is painstakingly complete, like a thorough search for your missing keys in which you look for them in coat pockets, under the table, in the refrigerator -- in every single place you can think of.<br><br>Thorough looks a lot like through but remember thorough is an adjective, so you might use it to describe a thorough in investigation or a thorough review. In contrast through is used most often as a preposition -- you might look through every drawer, for example, in a search -- or as an adverb -- you might see a hole in your pocket where coins fall through.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
intertwine	In C++ pointers and arrays are closely intertwined.	Things that intertwine are twisted or mixed together. You have to intertwine yarn to make a scarf.<br><br>When things intertwine, they're all mixed up together -- it's hard to separate them. To make any type of clothing, threads have to be intertwined. Rope is made of smaller fibers that intertwine. Related jobs --like a writer and an editor -- intertwine too, because they are so closely related. You can say people are intertwined if they're close to each other, as family or friends. Getting intertwined could be a metaphor for getting married; the threads of your lives are getting tangled together.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
obscure	Although the utility may be obscure at this point, it is worth nothing that pointer arithmetic is also valid for null pointer.	If something is obscure, it's vague and hard to see. Be careful if you're driving in heavy rain -- the painted lines can be obscure.<br><br>We tend to use obscure in the metaphorical sense: an obscure sound is unclear, an obscure village is hidden away in the countryside, and an obscure poet is little known and probably insignigicant. Obscure can also be used as a verb. If you get really nervous when you speak during a debate, your embarrassing twitches and shaking hands can obscure your argument.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
fraught	The code we show here, although a common usage pattern, is fraught with potential for serious error.	Fraught means filled with something -- often something bad. Your Thanksgiving was fraught with awkward moments when your family saw your blue hair, and it only got worse when you told them you'd quit law school to join the circus.<br><br>Fraught is related to the word freight, and comes from the Middle English fraughten, meaning "to load with cargo." Think of a cargo ship loaded up with freight for a journey -- it's full of supplies, just like Thanksgiving was filled with -- or fraught with --awkward moments. Fraught can also describe a situation filled with distress. If relations between two countries are fraught, they are not getting along with each other.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
predate	Many C++ programs predate the standard library and do not use the string and vector types.	To predate is to happen or exist before something else. If you move into a house that already has a ghost, the ghost predates you. Boo!<br><br>If your interest in soul music predates your sister's, you loved it first. When you use predate this way, you can read it as a combination of pre, "before," and date, "point in time." Another meaning of this verb is "to prey on for food," so you could say that your cat predates the mice that live in your kitchen.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
indefinitely	The array returned by c_str is not guaranteed to be valid indefinitely.	Use the adverb indefinitely to describe something that happens for an unlimited amount of time or to an unlimited extent.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
interior	The inner for loops through the elements of those interior arrays.	Interior commonly refers to the inside of something. When house hunting you might find that the outside of the house is run down, but the interior rooms beautifully renovated.<br><br>If you design the color scheme of a room and pick our furnishings for it, you are an interior designer. If you delve into a characters feelings and emotions, you might describe what you're looking at as their interior. A place that lies far inland from a coast or border is said to lie in the interior of a country. If you talk to yourself inside your mind, you are said to be having an interior monologue.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
innermost	To use a multidimensional array in a range for, the loop control variable for all but the innermost array mush be references.	Innermost things are located as far as possible inside or closest to the middle. The innermost part of a jelly doughnut is the where you'll find the jelly.<br><br>The innermost room at your school -- or the room at the very center -- might be the library, and an Alaskan's innermost layer of clothing in the winter is probably her long underwear. Another way to use innermost is to mean "most intimate or private," such as your innermost beliefs, thoughts, or dreams. In Middle English, there was also an innermore.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
neglect	Had we neglected the reference, our program would not compile.	Neglect is worse than ignoring something. It's ignoring it, failing to care for it, and probably harming it in the process.<br><br>You can neglect to do your chores, meaning fail to do them, but this word is usually reserved for cases when you willingly refuse to care for something appropriately. Child neglect is what parents get charged with when they fail to provide for their child's basic needs. If you go on vacation and neglect your plants, they may wither and die due to your lack of attention.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
advent	With the advent of the new standard, we can often avoid having to write the typr of a pointer into an array by using auto or decltype.	The advent of something means that it's finally here. You might be waiting for the advent of a new iPhone or for the advent of cloning. Don't hold your breath.<br><br>Generally, the noun advent is used for the introduction of something important. The twentieth century saw the advent of many important inventions -- including television, computers, and microwave dinners. If the word is capitalized, it has a religious meaning, referring to the period, observed in certain Christian religions, that begins on the fourth Sunday before Christmas.	Chapter 3 Strings, Vectors, Arrays
