overstate	It would be hard to overstate the importance of networks to modern computing, although that doesn't seem to stop people from trying.	To overstate is to exaggerate or place too much importance on something. Your parents may overstate the dangers of driving on icy roads to scare you into being extra careful.<br><br>If you want your brother to help you move some furniture, you might overstate how much your back hurts. And if you are ready for lunch but your friend is dawdling, you will be tempted to overstate how cranky you get when you are hungry. More seriously, politicians have been known to overstate the threat of terrorism or other dangers in order to gain support for a bill or a candidate.	13 TCP/IP networking
estimate	As of 2017, internetworldstats.com estimates the Internet to have more than 3.7 billion users, or just slightly less than half of the world's population.	A rough calculation or appraisal is an estimate. When you hit another baseball through the kitchen window, your parents will get an estimate of the repair costs. And you should estimate being grounded for approximately 3 weeks.<br><br>An estimate is kind of like a very educated guess. Making an estimate takes good evaluation skills, and usually estimates are pretty close to the actual outcome. If the garage bill is way higher than the estimate they gave you, for example, you have a right to be angry. But if you forgot to factor in rush hour traffic when you estimated the drive from Boston to New York, that's your own fault.	13 TCP/IP networking
nonproprietary	The technical success of the Internet is due largely to the elegant and flexible design of TCP/IP and its open and nonproprietary protocol suite.	= not protected by trademark or patent or copyright	13 TCP/IP networking
leverage	In turn, the leverage provided by the Internet has helped TCP/IP prevail over several competing protocol suites that were favored at one time or another for political or commercial reasons.	If you have leverage, you hold the advantage in a situation or the stronger position in a contest, physical or otherwise.<br><br>The lever is a tool for getting more work done with less physical force. With the right leverage, you might be able to lift a heavy box. This refers to non-physical situations too; the power to influence others is also leverage. Since your boss has the power to fire you, that's a lot of leverage to get you to do what he wants. If your friends owes you a favor, you have leverage to get a favor of your own.	13 TCP/IP networking
prevail	In turn, the leverage provided by the Internet has helped TCP/IP prevail over several competing protocol suites that were favored at one time or another time for political or commercial reasons.	Prevail means to successfully persuade someone of something. If you were a President advisor and you convinced him to make a National Day of Pet Appreciation, then you prevailed upon him to recognize pets.<br><br>Prevail can be used for different kinds of success. If you prevail upon someone, you have influence on them. If you prevail over someone, you win. Say you're a big fan of a losing team. You might cheer, "Despite all odds, we will prevail!" To use prevail there has be some kind of contest. That could be internal, like when you're on a diet and desire to eat chocolate cake prevails over your discipline.	13 TCP/IP networking
progenitor	The progenitor of the modern Internet was a research network called ARPANET, established in 1969 by the U.S.	While any ancestor can be a progenitor, or previous member of a family line, the words is usually applied to someone who was an originator of or major contributor to the characteristics of that line.	13 TCP/IP networking
oversight	Oversight of the Internet and the Internet protocols has long been a cooperative and open effort, but its exact structure has changed as the Internet has evolved into a public utility and a driving force in the world economy.	An oversight is a mistake you make when you are not paying full attention. Your failure to add the sugar to the cookies was an unfortunate oversight -- you were so engrossed in texting that you forgot it.<br><br>Oversight are not intentional mistakes. Usually they're just the result of inattention. If you make an oversight in your inspection of a nuclear power plant and it later goes into meltdown, you'll get fired. An inspector is supposed to pay attention. But if you forgot your cousin's birthday because you're busy taking care of Grandma, that's a forgivable oversight. Oversight is also the act of supervising something, like the construction of a dam, or a high school prom.	13 TCP/IP networking
glaze	If your eyes haven't glazed over just from reading the title of this section, you've probably already had several cups of coffee.	The glaze on a doughnut is the thin sweet coating that makes your fingers sticky. The glaze on a coffee table is the shiny coating that makes it glossy. The glaze on your friend's eyes as you talk is a sin that maybe you're boring her.<br><br>Like glass, a glaze is a shiny clear substance so it's no surprise that they both come from the same root words glas. Object that have glaze on them include ceramic pots and doughnuts. If you glaze over something, you're covering it with a thin clear substance that makes it look polished. If someone says your eyes are starting to glaze over, snap out of it and look alive.<br><br>If a person's eyes glaze or glaze over, the person begins to look bored or tired.	13 TCP/IP networking
entertaining	Nonetheless, accessing the Internet's authoritative technical documentation is a crucial skill for system administrators, and it's more entertaining than it sounds.	Things that are entertaining are enjoyable and distracting. Going to the circus is an entertaining way to spend an afternoon.<br><br>Activities like playing games and watching movies can be entertaining, and you can also describe a friend who is particularly funny or fun to be with as entertaining.	13 TCP/IP networking
bulletins	Protocol standards, proposed changes, and informational bulletins all usually end up as RFCs.	A brief news reporter or statements that's written or spoken is a bulletin. A TV reporter might read a bulletin announcing the winner of a presidential election, for example.<br><br>You're most likely to hear a bulletin on the radio or television, usually in the form of a news update. A bulletin can also be a written or emailed report or newsletter that gives you brief information. A bulletin board is a message board that has such bulletins pinned to it.	13 TCP/IP networking
wrangling	RFCs start their lives as Internet Drafts, and after lots of email wrangling and IETF meetings they earlier die or promoted to the RFC series.	Wrangling is the process of conducting a complicated argument over a long period of time.<br><br>To wrangle is to take part in a long, angry, intense argument, especially over an issue with lots of details. You can also wrangle, or herd, a bunch of cows. Politicians and lawyers frequently wrangle, no cows necessary.	13 TCP/IP networking
promoted	RFCs start their lives as Internet Drafts, and after lots of email wrangling and IETF meetings they earlier die or promoted to the RFC series.	If you work for a marketing firm, your job is to promote new products -- to publicize them and to try to get the public to buy them.<br><br>The verb promote can also mean to advance to a higher position. Because of your hard work, your boss might decide to promote you. In school, passing students are promoted each year when they enter a higher grade. In chess, the verb promote is used when a pawn is exchanged for a higher ranking piece. Make sure you promote your pawn to a queen, giving you two queens on the board and a strong advantage in the game.	13 TCP/IP networking
forestall	RFCs also have descriptive titles, but to forestall ambiguity they are usually cited by number.	It takes a bit of planning to forestall something, meaning stop it from happening. To forestall the effects of aging, exercise and take care of your health all your life.<br><br>You can break the word forestall into parts to figure out its meaning. The prefix fore is one you've seen in words like forewarn, which means "to warn in advance." And you probably know that stall means "delay." So to forestall is to stall in advance, or put another way, to try to prevent or put off something you don't want to happen.	13 TCP/IP networking
supersede	Updates may either extend and clarify existing RFCs or supersede them entirely.	If you click on the link after this description, a new screen will supersede or replace, this one. A longer description will supplant, or supersede, by replacing this brief one.<br><br>Most words that include super have something good going on. Supersede often means to replace with something better. A version 10 of a computer game will supersede version 9, making it more exciting. Unfortunately, a person might be replaced too, as in "the younger running back will supersede the veteran player as he gets older." To supersede is generally a good thing, but being superseded is not always that great for the replaced person.	13 TCP/IP networking
rationales	Most RFCs contain introductions, summaries, and rationales that are useful for system administrators even when the technical details are not.	The rationales for something is the basic or underlying reason or explanation for it. This noun is usually used in the singular: What was the rationale behind his decision to quit?<br><br>The related adjective rational means "based on facts or reason" or "having the ability to think clearly." An example of a rational rationale? You add extra baking soda to pancake batter under the rationale that if you want them to be fluffier, you need more rising agent.	13 TCP/IP networking
languished	Unfortunately, this series has languished recently and not many of the FYIs are up to date.	To languish is to become pitiful or weak because you're sick, in love, or stuck somewhere. A prisoner might languish in jail, longing for her freedom.<br><br>Your houseplants might languish in a dark dry corner. A romantic poet might languish on a velvet couch with the back of her hand to her forehead. People in operas love to languish: The main character in La Traviatta, Violetta, languishes from longing and eventually.	13 TCP/IP networking
